Add docs folder (#1303)
SciML/OrdinaryDiffEq.jl: docs/src/usage.md

# Usage

> OrdinaryDiffEq.jl is part of the SciML common interface, but can be used independently of DifferentialEquations.jl. The only requirement is that the user passes an OrdinaryDiffEq.jl algorithm to `solve`. For example, we can solve the [ODE tutorial from the docs](https://docs.juliadiffeq.org/dev/tutorials/ode_example/) using the `Tsit5()` algorithm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OrdinaryDiffEq.jl is part of the SciML common interface, but can be used independently of DifferentialEquations.jl. The only requirement is that the user passes an OrdinaryDiffEq.jl algorithm to `solve`. For example, we can solve the [ODE tutorial from the docs](https://diffeq.sciml.ai/dev/tutorials/ode_example/) using the `Tsit5()` algorithm:
```

```julia
using OrdinaryDiffEq
f(u,p,t) = 1.01*u
u0=1/2
tspan = (0.0,1.0)
prob = ODEProblem(f,u0,tspan)
sol = solve(prob,Tsit5(),reltol=1e-8,abstol=1e-8)
using Plots
plot(sol,linewidth=5,title="Solution to the linear ODE with a thick line",
     xaxis="Time (t)",yaxis="u(t) (in μm)",label="My Thick Line!") # legend=false
plot!(sol.t, t->0.5*exp(1.01t),lw=3,ls=:dash,label="True Solution!")
```

That example uses the out-of-place syntax `f(u,p,t)`, while the inplace syntax (more efficient for systems of equations) is shown in the Lorenz example:

```julia
using OrdinaryDiffEq
function lorenz(du,u,p,t)
 du[1] = 10.0(u[2]-u[1])
 du[2] = u[1]*(28.0-u[3]) - u[2]
 du[3] = u[1]*u[2] - (8/3)*u[3]
end
u0 = [1.0;0.0;0.0]
tspan = (0.0,100.0)
prob = ODEProblem(lorenz,u0,tspan)
sol = solve(prob,Tsit5())
using Plots; plot(sol,vars=(1,2,3))
```

Very fast static array versions can be specifically compiled to the size of your model. For example:

```julia
using OrdinaryDiffEq, StaticArrays
function lorenz(u,p,t)
 SA[10.0(u[2]-u[1]),u[1]*(28.0-u[3]) - u[2],u[1]*u[2] - (8/3)*u[3]]
end
u0 = SA[1.0;0.0;0.0]
tspan = (0.0,100.0)
prob = ODEProblem(lorenz,u0,tspan)
sol = solve(prob,Tsit5())
```

> For "refined ODEs", like dynamical equations and `SecondOrderODEProblem`s, refer to the [DiffEqDocs](https://docs.juliadiffeq.org/dev/types/ode_types/). For example, in [DiffEqTutorials.jl](https://github.com/SciML/DiffEqTutorials.jl) we show how to solve equations of motion using symplectic methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For "refined ODEs", like dynamical equations and `SecondOrderODEProblem`s, refer to the [DiffEqDocs](https://diffeq.sciml.ai/dev/types/ode_types/). For example, in [DiffEqTutorials.jl](https://github.com/SciML/DiffEqTutorials.jl) we show how to solve equations of motion using symplectic methods:
```

```julia
function HH_acceleration(dv,v,u,p,t)
    x,y  = u
    dx,dy = dv
    dv[1] = -x - 2x*y
    dv[2] = y^2 - y -x^2
end
initial_positions = [0.0,0.1]
initial_velocities = [0.5,0.0]
prob = SecondOrderODEProblem(HH_acceleration,initial_velocities,initial_positions,tspan)
sol2 = solve(prob, KahanLi8(), dt=1/10);
```

Other refined forms are IMEX and semi-linear ODEs (for exponential integrators).

## Available Solvers

> For the list of available solvers, please refer to the [DifferentialEquations.jl ODE Solvers](https://docs.juliadiffeq.org/dev/solvers/ode_solve/), [Dynamical ODE Solvers](http://docs.juliadiffeq.org/dev/solvers/dynamical_solve/), and the [Split ODE Solvers](http://docs.juliadiffeq.org/dev/solvers/split_ode_solve/) pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the list of available solvers, please refer to the [DifferentialEquations.jl ODE Solvers](https://diffeq.sciml.ai/dev/solvers/ode_solve/), [Dynamical ODE Solvers](http://diffeq.sciml.ai/dev/solvers/dynamical_solve/), and the [Split ODE Solvers](http://diffeq.sciml.ai/dev/solvers/split_ode_solve/) pages.
```
